## My Config Files

These are my dotfiles for different applications that I use on my setup, I don't like bloat, I like simplicity and not having applications that are bloated and take up a lot of ram. These dotfiles on Github act as a backup for me and plus others can copy my config for comments/help or as a basis to their configs.

### (For people other than me):
I would review my dotfiles if you want to add them to your setup, do some research of course and read the config files too for the comments. Please don't expect my config to be the "default" config for you, it's tailored to what I like and might not be what you want. Edit some stuff if you want, they aren't copyrighted or anything. But I encourage anyone to skim through the dotfiles and even suggest some improvements to my config files if they want. Also remember that these config files may change erratically as I edit them for stuff that I want. Remember that I am a beginner so these config files are also me learning these various languages (mostly config files), haskell especially has been great to learn and has taught me a new way of thinking about programming.

With these configs, and my recent switch to XMonad. I have enjoyed the 'pursuit' of simplicity, it has caused me to be more efficient, since with my configs the goal is simplicity and the keybinds are pretty simple to remember (of course, after some checking out is done of the keybinds (trying them out) on your own part). What I've noticed is that by using applications that have that goal of simplicity in mind, they are straight to the point, like for example: dmenu (You press ALT+P) and boom it opens up a menu of application names straight away, no annoying menus that you have to navigate for a bit more than just launching the application using dmenu, it makes me more efficient and it has done me well.  
